hello viewers welcome to recap here
today i will explain a sci-fi action
movie
elysium spoiler ahead all you have to do
is just sit down
keep calm and listen to me so let's
start
rich people of this world are living
their lives in a space centre named
elysium that is outside the space
on the other hand poor people are
leading a life in land pollution and
miserable condition
everyone is leading a luxurious life in
elysium and the poor are in utmost
difficulties
elysium had a machine that could cure
any disease
not only this but it could regrow any
part of the human body
it could also stop aging everyone in
elysium had this machine
this whole space center was made by the
owner of elysium
now we see a little kid named max he
sees a dream that he'll take his friend
to elysium when he grows up
when he grows up he starts stealing
police arrest him
max is released on bail he starts
working in a company
this company was owned by the owner of
elysium which made weapons and robots
for elysium
one day max goes to work and the police
scan him
robot police beat max black and blue and
injure him
max goes to the hospital for treatment
here
he finds the same girl with whom he did
friendship
she was a nurse now after seeing each
other after so long
max offers her a coffee but she refuses
and goes away after plastering his hand
work on the earth was being performed by
robots poor people weren't allowed to
enter elysium and if someone mistakenly
entered it
he got shot there were many sick people
on the earth who wanted to go to the
elysium because elysium had that machine
by using it they wanted to cure
themselves spider named man used to send
his spaceship to elysium secretly
spider sends three spaceships full of
people to elysium
as they move defense secretary gets the
wind of it he orders to destroy those
ships full of people through missiles
two out of three spaceships are
destroyed in the space and the remaining
one lands in elysium
people get out of that ship and enter
the houses of rich people and try to use
that machine to cure the diseases
at the same moment robot police come
capture them
and send them back to the earth in the
next scene
we talk about john carlisle who used to
go the earth daily to manage
things in the evening he used to go back
to elysium
max was working in his company the door
of the radioactive chamber gets locked
during work
the manager of max asks him to check the
chamber by going inside it
max unwantedly goes inside and its door
gets locked from inside and the
radioactive process
starts radiations affect max badly
people try to open the door from outside
and take him out
the robot scans him gives him medicine
and tells him that he'll die within five
days
max goes to the house in grief and on
the way he meets his friend
his friend tells him that he knows a man
who goes to elysium
we'll go to elysium by taking his
spaceship and use that machine which
cures people's diseases
on the very next day they both go to
spider who takes his ship to elysium
but he refuses to take them because max
had an old enmity with this man
that man fixes a device in max max feels
better because of it on the other hand
the president of elysium john carlisle
comes to the earth to monitor his
company
now he sets out for elizium max and his
team attack his satellite and shoot john
max immediately downloads the data from
his mind to his neural
system after copying he gets understood
that this whole information is encrypted
now the agent and max's team get into a
fight and they kill max's friend
max runs out of there and hides in his
childhood friend's house
who was a nurse now max sees that his
friend had a daughter as well
she had cancer and only that machine in
elysium is able to cure this
she asks him to take her daughter to
elysium somehow so that she can recover
max couldn't help her and gets out of
there because an agent was behind him
he gets to know about his last location
now
this agent comes to max's friend's house
and asks about max
when she doesn't answer he kidnaps both
of them so that he can find max through
them
max now comes to spider who told him all
the codes of elysium
he connects max's brain with a computer
and analyzes that if the information of
all the people are put in this program
and then installed in elysium so can
people of earth become part of elysium
he wanted to know this now when he tries
to do this
he realizes that the satellite got
jammed this was now impossible to update
or download any program
now he'll not be able to help max now he
asks max to leave
signals are down due to john's death
that's why this program is not of use
now
max wasn't left with any way now so he
chooses to surrender himself
when the agent comes to kill him he
blackmails him that if he doesn't take
him to elysium
he'll blow him up with this bomb agent
laughs and agrees
he tells delacorte that he has captured
max and he wants to come to elysium
max sees his friend and her daughter on
the same ship now
max couldn't do anything because the
agent had tied him up
in this ship max and that agent fights
it blasts during a fight and the agent's
face gets damaged
as the ship stops max's friend takes her
daughter and tries to use that machine
but the machine doesn't work because it
only works on the people of elysium
they bring that agent to that machine
and his face recovers and the machine
works
max and that agent fights again and max
kills him
max throws him from the roof and he dies
on the other hand
her friend gets succeeded in curing her
daughter
another ship from elysium goes to
provide medical help to the people of
earth
people's lives become easy with it and
the story ends here